BUGS AND FIXES

1. Information printing not iterating correctly through lists
Implementation of .front() , .pop_front() algorithms to assist with access
(because random access is unusable in an std::list). 

2. Complexity of implementing print functionality too high:
Moved printing functionality into the calculating function 
of the program to reduce the amount of references needed to be
passed, function now calculates then prints relevant Information.

3. Output of function incorrectly staggered, not displaying random marketwide events: 
corrected formatting and updated parameter list to include the market climate through 
inclusion of an: int classification variable.

4. calcTradeVolume() function not accessing list elements correctly due to inability to random access: 
corrected syntax to abide by std::list conventions.  ADDMORE

5. Oversight of how trade volume might be calculated (very incorrect calculation)
Update logic to reflect various aspects of stock might react
- clarify that volume refers to the monetary value of stocks traded (volume neither positive/negative)
- reflects the general popularity of the stock, (has proportionality to pricing)

6. volume output too large to be represented by double (started printing in scientific notation)
Updated output logic to only print to 2nd decimal precision to standardize output

7. Output for volume/price not changing day by day in output
Pass original map by reference in order to alter the references using logic mentioned in bug fix 1.

8. Various functions with incorrect parameter lists irreflective of map 
Revised functions to only have reference to the map if needed/relevant for the function

9. Error implementing switch() case() logic for calculation of Marketwide change
change to if/else chain to add functionality for checking ranges of values and not just specifics

10. Proportionality of market share price to volume traded too high
fixed error by reworking logic calculating the volume to model a linear relationship, fixing 
error of exponential increase before. 


THINGS I COULD IMPROVE UPON

1. Program doesn't take into account market cap of stocks, only prices
causes over/underestimation of company popularity based on the current price of one share,
as companies that split shares are underrepresented in their trade volume as a result

2. In real life, events such as Rallies/Issues in the market are rarely market or even sector-wide,
often pertaining to specific companies only. This simulation does not account for that level
of precision, instead abstracting to a market-wide level for simplicity of calculation

3. Expandability of program is quesitonable due to the number of manual loop setups for things like
calculation and output, to add another sector and corresponding companies for example, there'd be a
lot of work with adding another text file for prices, loops, and relating integers to companies.

4. Output for volume hard to read, doesn't abbreviate/comma out large volume prices so 3.3B looks like
$3300000000, maybe there's a library for this somewhere that I could implement to utilize more algorithms. 